Add disclaimer on $ usage in jwt-secret values (#543)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/configuration.rst

  Choosing a value for this parameter beginning with the at sign such as ``@filename`` (e.g. ``@./configs/my-config``) loads the secret out of an external file.

  .. warning::

>      Only when using a configuration file, if the value contains a ``$`` character by itself it will give errors. In this case, use ``$$`` and PostgREST will interpret it as a single ``$`` character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Only when using the :ref:`file_config`, if the ``jwt-secret`` contains a ``$`` character by itself it will give errors. In this case, use ``$$`` and PostgREST will interpret it as a single ``$`` character.
```
